[Music] The
chameleon thing, please explain it later.
A chameleon, if a chameleon
bit him, if it hit him so hard that he
died. Female chameleons die
all the time because they lay eggs
inside their body and the eggs don't come out, they
die continuously. And if it was a
candle chameleon, which is called a vel
cameleo, eh, 80% of them or 90
die for that reason, the females because
they lay eggs inside their body and they are not
able to get them out, that's what
always happens. So, what if the chameleon, what if
the pogona, what if the other thing, what if the
other thing, what does that have to do with the dog
being an abuser? Doesn't it mean
that he is very interested in animals,
he is very curious about animals
and maybe in a few years
an animal shelter will be set up? I don't know,
but look, I'll tell you about the
chameleon because I was literally
surprised that you got it right, you read it,
that I said it on Twitter, or or or you
assumed it. I wasn't listening
to the girl about the chameleon.  what does it say about the chameleon but it
's that chameleons die those of
Vela mu it's not that it's that literally I think I think you were
right I think that was
the reason Look I explained it before in the
live but I'll give you a quick summary
okay I was with that Chameleon for almost 5
years, I mean if I had wanted to
mistreat that creature that chameleons
die immediately and they can't handle
stress, I mean those creatures can't handle stress
uh literally in 5 years
if I had mistreated it it wouldn't have
lasted 5 years the animal tells you the
stress I always tell you because when
reptiles get older they go on
a more herbivorous diet than carnivorous
which is when it is at the beginning I suppose
that well you already know this very well
eem But well it was explained to the people who
are watching who haven't seen it at the
beginning So when the issue is that
he or rather he was a he but then he
became a she and suddenly one day he
laid eggs and and I called him to God
but in reality [ __ ] up to the
chameleons oh my goodness it's not one it's a
dysphoria it's a it's not a dysphoria it's a it's
a dimorphism that suddenly
seems like it's a Mao and it's an okay okay well
we threw whatever it was the
cua It's that when I had it it was that
small I mean it was in the anus so it was
impossible to know what the gender was to
that extent So small of the bug and of course
later it never had any problems and I was
left with that maybe it was male
Because the guy told me It's probably
male and I said well it was male but it doesn't turn out to be
female Well so one
day suddenly like I don't know two
years passed something like that suddenly it laid a year it laid
eggs and and nothing it was laying eggs like
chickens because many people don't
know that reptiles lay eggs like
chickens and I was always
feeding it fruit because if I didn't
give it to it uh close and it did like a little
play in its mouth it didn't start doing
that and then it wanted to bite the fruit and
then I had to give it fruit the
lettuce no I didn't give it to it lettuce I gave it
something else that was  uh canons em anyway
suddenly one day he was weird well
weird and he was like really black and I tried to
give him food like always the
viper food because the crickets ate it
super fast uh eg total bonding and And
then uh I tried to make him eat it
but suddenly uh he jumped and what had
never happened is that he goes and
bites me and that had never happened And
then of course chameleons people do
n't know but they have their teeth
closed backwards like many other
reptiles I tried to free myself but he wouldn't
let go of my finger and so what I did
to make him let go and because of this I felt
and it's something that I never talked about
publicly before because it's something that gave me a I
mean I felt super guilty for
a long time thinking that
maybe I had killed him because of this what I
had to do was grab him by the
sides so he would open his mouth and
then take out his finger and then with
time I understood that this
was not really my doing I mean it's not that I
had killed him for doing that because
done I left there I went to the
emergency room and the chameleon was still alive
Likewise in the state this strange that he
had but it was still alive and then
when I saw how you grabbed the
snakes and all that I saw that there is no
way that by grabbing them like that they
die from something like that and the
truth is I didn't grab him that hard
Honestly yes I sold enough
to be able to get my finger out of inside
his mouth which made me bleed quite a bit
in fact Total F ER I was
there for a few hours in the emergency room they
gave me the tetanus shot and a couple
of other things and when I came back Well he
was lying on the ground I left he
was still there on the branch Only he
was like very grabbed if it
was dark it's because he doesn't want to
mate if he's with a male it's because he does
n't want to mate and if suddenly he's
turned that dark color it's because he has
bondin there what you have to do is well it
's a [ __ ] move eh You have to
open his sewer you have to flash it you have to
do a thousand things who knows that a
vet obviously but then I
realized checking or rather seeing the
animal's body Well I was so
stupid that at that moment I even thought
if I could revive him or rather my stupidity
Absurd because it was impossible already at that
moment e but his belly was
much more swollen than normal so
I imagine that something must have happened to him there
but I didn't have that little time to react
because other days he was fine and
suddenly he got bad That's bonding that
happens suddenly one day an
egg is stuck in the middle it hasn't happened
more eggs have formed and it rots
inside basically I had one
stuck with the cream and it was a cowboy
don't see [ __ ]
but it turns out that this story that I
literally told her but
literally like that because she loves to take out
Oh look at those WhatsApps WhatsApps And if I'm
really going to try to search to see if
I have the WhatsApps from those days
I literally explained to him what I just
explained here right now the
difference is that I felt super
guilty because I spent a long
time thinking that I must have killed him
by opening his mouth like that and I was because
I knew that  They had always told me that
they were very stressed, they died of stress, I mean, he
said that you killed him in a moment, he
said in the video Yes, also How
exactly, I mean, a scam is something
like that
No, it's not that it's a video that
has no p it's a video to try to
speak badly of Dallas but not to speak well
of the dog if I make a video about that, I'll
tell you, I make a video in which I
show you the dog from the moment he gets up
until he lies down when he pees when he
sleeps when he's sick When the
vet comes out, I'll make a video of the dog 24
hours a day, this is a video to say that
Dallas is a bastard, that he is
a Take out the trials Take out the news from
the related media take out a thousand things to
say that a good dog is sentenced to
death no, a dog is not sentenced to
death, a dog if you have to
return it, return it, I repeat, if you
return it, Miare or Miare's mother or
Miare's father, you don't want the dog and if you don't
return it, you don't want the dog either, in other
words, you have done so badly, so badly that
any  thing you do if it's not
apologize and take off your pants
for the good of the dog everything you do
is wrong is that I'm at height everything
you do or whatever and a person tells you I
repeat Maybe I'm the
flip-flop the idiot the fool you've
called me everything this lady has
called me everything she said everything They've
sent me they've sent me everything I mean
I never say anything because Well I don't
care but on this occasion as they are
talking about animal empathy in a video
I want to tell you that animal empathy
is screwing you for that animal it's feeling bad
for that animal and it's humiliating yourself many
times for that animal if you really
love it if not there is no animal empathy
here you don't give a [ __ ] about the animal if it
's right or wrong I repeat what I
said before if the dog goes with Dallas it's
going to be a shitty week two
weeks not
even dog I mean the dog gets
used to another place lying down don't
tell me stories that the dog is going to get
depressed And if you have it it's not going to get depressed in the
least I assure you what it's going to
happen what's going to happen the first week
obviously it's going to be screwed thinking
remembering but by the
fourth dog that dog doesn't
even remember who Pepito de los palotes is
because it's already used to another, to another
environment but the most important thing here they
say that the other little dog that such and
such drop your pants if what you
want is for the good of the dogs
because it's not just a dog anymore it's the other
dog and also a person who
theoretically is an emotional support damn it's
very clear What is this war of
egos here well then it's that they don't want the
dog what they want is for you all to look
good he's an abuser he's a jerk he's a
this he's a that and what Look what's
going to happen to the dog no
anything that happens to the dog from
now on is his fault because for 7
years they have been in court because they haven't the
dog now you have to separate him
after so many years but because of them they didn't
give him up
[Music]